Hey there Spy there! This is your boy Mikey Bustos.
This video is an in-depth tutorial of the Filipino accent.
The first thing to know is there are no F sounds.
Palo, Flip, Pak, Pilipino, Philippines, Family, Snowflake.
No B sounds.
Victory, Ban, Bibo, Living Labida Loca, Golden Retriever.
Vlog and vlog sound the same.
The lack of B probably comes from the Spanish influence
when the Spaniards invaded Philippines in the 1500s.
That is why many of us Pilipinos have Spanish last names like Bustos.
My full name is Michael Jan Yadantumangil Pestaño Bustos.
Try saying that 5 times.
Also worth noting, there's no TH.
It's either D sound like that, this, there, them, breathe,
or T sound like tik, tit, binit, tissel, bret.
Also, another thing to note is that the Filipino language
lacks the he, she distinct pronouns.